Are you ready for good talk? And hello there, Peter Mansbridge here. It's your Friday morning good talk. Chantel A Bear and Bruce Anderson. With us, it's morning in Alberta anyway, where Chantel is this week. Bruce's overseas. I'm in downtown Toronto. Home of the number one blue chase. Just grinding it up. Just grinding it up. And he's gravel for you. Alright, well a lot of eyes were on Edmonton this week. So I was there earlier in the week, but Chantel has been there in the last couple of days. And lots happening. They finally announced, finally, I don't know where their fine is the right word, but they announced the first five so called nation building projects. This is the prime minister yesterday to NBC wanted to sketch you and one on Ontario, one and call back. To me, the most interesting part of yesterday was Alberta's premier, Danielle Smith, saying the most wonderful things about the prime minister and about the project list, and I think she said it was the best day that she can remember in terms of an announcement from the federal phone, any federal government and any prime minister. Alberta wasn't even on the list. They were kind of, they were a part of one of the projects in BC. But what do we make of that? Was that just sort of getting the prime minister ready for the next go round? What did you make of it, Chantel? Well, to put it into context, Danielle Smith's premier is only dealt with two prime ministers to date. And one of those was Justin Trudeau was at that point on his way down both in Alberta and in popularity. So if I were Mark Karnay, I wouldn't make too much of having been having had the best meeting she's ever had with the prime minister, given the relationship. I think from the federal point of view, and I'm talking just politics here, not content. It was it was a good landing in the sense that you announced those five projects in Alberta, in Edmonton. It could have looked like you were a provocation like I'm going to to wag my tail that you write in your backyard, because yes, it did not involve any pipelines. And nor is there really a prospect that there will be a pipeline coming down the line between now and the end of the year, the next slate. announcements will not feature a pipeline. But it was it was icing on the cake I think for for Mr. Karney that yes they had prepared the ground for the Alberta government not to be up in arms over this. But to to I'm sure conservative leader Piapliev must have felt that it was she was laying it on thick and for him that made it kind of a difficulty. We welcome back to those projects I just want to mention that I believe that this is more of a test run using projects that are well advanced and well known and that have provincial support and do not involve you know one province wanting something in another province saying I don't want to go there more a test run for the future than a kind of brand new day in the history of projects in Canada. Okay Bruce what's your initial thought on especially on the Smith thing. Well you know you said it was for you the most interesting thing I think in the context of what are the interesting politics of it it may be that I don't for me it wasn't the most interesting thing but it was an interesting thing I do feel like the you also you know wondered the word finally should be used and I'm glad you wondered it because only two weeks ago we were having a conversation about what has the government been doing and I was trying to make the point that I think the government has been working towards an announcement of very very significant projects that will cost Canadian taxpayers a lot of money that are huge bets on economic potential for the longer term and deserve a measure of of the good governance and deliberation before they're announced and so here we are still within only a number of months since the government was elected with some major projects unfolded. Second thing I would say is that you talked about them as having a regional characteristics and they do but I think that if you think about them from the standpoint of what the clean energy and the conventional energy options mean I think the ideas that the benefits are meant to be broader rather than just regional and so I think the country as a whole can look at these and say yes this is the first crunch this is the first go round the prime minister talked about some others there are part of strategies going forward certainly I think the mining sector will be looking at this and saying we are interested in the idea of investing in Canada because there is a great deal of importance placed on this by the Canadian government and that's the Trudeau government did as well but this is a different level of importance and urgency placed on it so I think there's signals being sent to the investment community across a range of sectors that the government really wants to accelerate this. And so I think not just regional benefits, but national benefits. On the Daniel Smith question, Shantel is absolutely right, obviously, that Daniel Smith's premier has not had a lot of interactions with Prime Ministers. At the same time, since I was just a lab working on Parliament Hill in 1979, 80, around a national energy program of Justin Trudeau's father, the relationship between Alberta and federal liberals has been really poor. And so from my standpoint, the way in which this Alberta premier at this moment in the life of Alberta discontent, if I can use that word, is talking about a relationship with the federal government. I tend to look at it more, forget about the specific frame that she put on it, but the frame that I see it in, is I don't remember a much better period, certainly no better period of time when a liberal government was in office. You can make the case that when Stephen Harper was in power, the relationship with Alberta was quite good. And for a period of time when Brian Mulroney was in office, it was quite good too, but it broke down the Brian Mulroney relationship and led to the creation of the, of the reform parties we know. So I think it is, we've got to look at it as being, she's gone before, she's gone further than she had gone before and saying, well, you know, it doesn't sound as bad as it did, there's maybe some green shoots for optimism for Alberta. You know, a few more months have passed, more work, more time at tables, more talking through the businesses that she cares about and she came to a much more enthusiastic solution or conclusion. What's in it for her? I want to get at the, what's in it for her? Why would she have said what she said? I assume part of it is because she actually believed what she was saying about the projects that were announced, but she's got to be thinking the next step here. If you want to attract investment into the province and you think you've got policies that make it easier for people to invest in the province, then that's what's in it for her, I think. Also, she was claiming some credit for having applied leverage to the federal government, to the extent that she knew that people in the resource sectors, for example, might say, this is a pretty good day. It signals a higher level of interest by the federal government and accelerate projects in this area. She wanted to be on record saying, I pushed them. And fair enough, she was one of the factors that did help catalyze that change. Okay, and Shantan? Okay, a few points. Justin Trudeau had a good relationship with Rachel Nathley.